The Litt Perl Development Tools License
Version 1.0, 3/14/2003
---------------------------------------

The Litt Perl Development Tools License (LPDTL)
consists of the GNU GPL plus an exception, plus an
exception to that exception.

This program is free software; you can
redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of version 2 of the GNU General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation.

This program is distributed in the hope that it
will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General
Public License along with this software; see the
file COPYING.GPL. If not, write to the Free
Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite
330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA. Other locations
for the GNU General Public License include:

  http://www.troubleshooters.com/licenses/LPDTL/COPYING.GPL

and

  http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.txt


THE EXCEPTION

As a special exception, the author of this Perl
Development Tool gives permission for additional
uses of the text contained in this Perl
Development Tool.

The exception is that, if you reference the LPDTL
licensed software, by use of a Perl "use" or
"require" statement, from other files, this does
not by itself cause the files referencing this
Perl Development Tool to be covered by the GNU
General Public License. Your use of the
referencing files is in no way restricted on
account of their referencing the code in this Perl
Development Tool.

Likewise, if you link the LPDTL licensed software
with other files to produce an executable, this
does not by itself cause the resulting executable
to be covered by the GNU General Public License.
Your use of that executable is in no way
restricted on account of linking the LPDTL
licensed software's code into it. 


EXCEPTION LIMITATIONS

This exception does not however invalidate any
other reasons why the referencing files, or any
produced executables, might be covered by the GNU
General Public License.

This exception applies only to the code released
by its author under the Litt Perl Development
Tools License.  Such code must clearly state that
it's covered by the Litt Perl Development Tools
License. If you copy code from other GNU-GPL
compatible software, as the General Public License
permits, the exception does not apply to the code
that you add in this way. To avoid misleading
anyone as to the status of such modified files,
you must delete this exception notice from them.

If you write modifications of your own for
software licensed under the Litt Perl Development
Tools License, it is your choice whether to permit
this exception to apply to your modifications. If
you do not wish that, delete this exception
notice. 

This exception cannot be applied to software whose
license, End User License Agreement, or Terms Of
Use limit reverse engineering or discussion about
the software. This exception cannot be applied to
software incorporating any type of software
patents.


THE EXCEPTION TO THE EXCEPTION

The intent of the Litt Perl Development Tools
License (LPDTL) is to produce a free software
development environment enabling a software
developer to create free software, nonfree
software, or proprietary software.  Therefore, all
of the resulting program's software development
features must be contained in the LPDTL licensed
software, or in GPL licensed software. It is a
violation of the LPDTL to place any software
development features in any file not licensed
under either the GPL or the LPDTL.

A "software development feature" is a feature
enabling creation or modification of software.


DISCUSSION OF INTENT OF THIS LICENSE

You can find a discussion of the intent of this
license in the LPDTL_discuss.txt file. If you
haven't been given a copy of this file, you can
find it in the
http://www.troubleshooters.com/licenses/LPDTL/
directory.
